Safe process for recreating database after a incremental import (#2704)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/import.adoc

* Import performance is important because you have a large amount of data (millions/billions of entities).
* The database can be taken offline and you have direct access to one of the servers hosting your Neo4j DBMS.

> * The database is empty and you have to perform the initial data load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The database is non-existent or empty and you need to perform the initial data load.
```

> * You need to update your graph with large amount of data.

Reviewer 2: The term "need" is used here instead of "have to"/"would like to". Should the same term representing the user intent be used in both sentences for consistency perhaps?

[WARNING]
====
To safely use the importer in a clustered environment please use the following process.

Use the importer to import the database into one server in the cluster. 
This server can then be the source for other cluster members to copy the database from using the xref:clustering/databases.adoc#cluster-designated-seeder[designated seeder] approach.

To perform an incremental import in a clustered environment first alter the database topology to 1 primary using xref:procedures.adoc#procedure_dbms_recreateDatabase[`dbms.recreateDatabase()`].

> Then stop the database using xref::database-administration/standard-databases/start-stop-databases.adoc#manage-databases-stop[STOP DATABASE].

Reviewer 2: I have no knowledge of the steps involved for clustering
